challenge accepted
and
this way
hmm
luck is on your side
I'm sorry I am Azul we will meet again
what happened here Vincent Valentine are
you all right hmm breathe nice to see
you again not a very interesting outfit
though it took me a while to decide
which costume might put on for today but
enough of the small talk who are those
soldiers that just left I don't know the
large Orton called himself Azul
azul the cerulean of this viet then that
could only mean Commissioner
we'll discuss this later wro troops have
arrived and commenced rescue operations
who could use your help Vincent breathe
hmm I don't know what you're up to but I
want absolutely no part of it but you
thought alongside us three years ago we
need your help once more